Cleanup and document `engine-sample.cars` (#503)
GameDevTecnico/cubos: engine/samples/cars/page.md

# Cars {#examples-engine-cars}

> @brief Sample that spawns multiple assets and updates them every frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@brief Loading voxel grids and rendering them.
```

Perhaps? Spawn may suggest erroneously that we're using blueprints in some way or another.

> 

Reviewer: Would be nice to include a screenshot of the sample here, so that the reader knows what they are supposed to see.

> This example shows how the @ref renderer-plugin plugin, @ref voxels-plugin plugin and @ref env-settings-plugin, can be used in a scene to spawn and move assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how the @ref renderer-plugin plugin and @ref voxels-plugin plugin, can be used to load and render voxel objects.
```

> The first thing we're going to worry about is setting up the path for the assets we're going to use in our settings resource. In this example, the path is set in a macro defined in a CMakeLists.txt file but you can give it the path directly as a string.

Reviewer: This would be best as a disclaimer in the code I think, but honestly I'm still not sure how to set the path properly

@snippet cars/main.cpp Set settings

Alternatively, the path can be set from the command line arguments given when starting cubos. For this we need the @ref env-settings-plugin, included from the @ref engine/env_settings/plugin.hpp header.

@snippet cars/main.cpp Adding the env settings plugin

> 

Reviewer: Ditto
